# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 22-Oct-2021 
**Note Taker:** Shilpa Padgaonkar  

## Attendees
- Petar Torre 
- Joseantonio Ordonezlucena
- Ali Tizghadam
- Noel Wirzius
- Shilpa Padgaonkar

## Goals
- Workstream1 Kickoff
- Introductions
- Identify additional tasks, prepare upcoming ones

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Regular meeting schedule | •  Agreed to have bi-weekly calls<br>• Shilpa will send out doodle pool for regular bi-weekly time slots
Contributions| • **Intel**<br>- **Supporting capability NEF (Rel-15) sample code:** Intel Distribution of OpenNESS (requires Intel license) has sample application for Network Exposure Function (summary in , API spec here). With support to integrate above NEF sample code.(eg. provide mock code for subset of NEF features)<br>- **Kubernetes and Telemetry:** (Assuming use of Kubernetes) Activate Kubernetes features useful for optimal workload placement (CPU Mgr…), and possibly platform telemetry supporting “to get notification if network cannot fulfill”.  (eg. Scheduling, notifications specific contributions)<br>- **e2e performance characterization:** If during the integration of such API, exposure gateway, NFs… you plan to do performance characterization, we might help with people experienced in similar characterization focusing on edge workloads. (eg. testing framworks, tools, testcases)<br>- **Documenting API design principles:** Contribute text on API design principles like “must Encapsulate; should be Declarative”, with Terminology/Glossary as needed. <br><br>• **Telefonica** <br> - Define userstories and usecases <br> - Analyse set of existing APIs and capabilities and how to enrich them <br> - Offer to validate the APIs contributed to the project by using a self built validation tool <br> - Test cases <br><br>• **Telus**<br>- Offer to validate the APIs contributed to the project <br> - Test cases <br> - Will try to contribute for API development   <br><br>• **DT**<br>- API specs <br> - Reference implementation for some of the APIs <br>- Test cases <br> - Validation of APIs <br>
Topics for Commonality Workstream|  • API Spec format <br> • Authentication and Authorization <br> • Should tools for telemetry/scheduling/performance characterizations be based on a technology like Kubernetes? <br> • Use of Intel's OpeNESS platform <br> • Recommended tools for testcases




## Other Notes 
N/A
