# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 10-Dec-2021

## Attendees
- Joseantonio Ordonezlucena (Telefonica)
- Petar Torre (Intel)
- Ali Tizghadam (Telus)
- Toshi WAKAYAMA (KDDI)
- Jan Friman (E///)
- Emil Zhang (E///)
- Joachim Dahlgren (E///)
- Christoph Goertz (MobileEdgex)
- Mariusz Sozanski (DT)
- Felix DSouza (DT)
- Shilpa Padgaonkar (DT)

## Goals
- Check when to restart meetings next year.
- Go through qod open issues 
- Identify additional tasks, prepare upcoming ones

Item | Description
---- | ----
WG Meeting Series next year | Should be restarted after the first general alliance meeting planned for next year. Invites will follow
QoD open issue https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/15 | E/// will provide an introduction to the 2 proposed specifications in the upcoming WG call and will provide details about additional features offered by the specs. They will also provide recmmendations/proposals if any features could be incorporated in existing APIs.
QoD open issue https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/16 | All issues were discussed and clarified. We have following action items from the issue discussions:- <br/> • Userstories behind qod apis will be submitted by DT in the userstory template format approved from the commonalities WG <br/>• Stable vs guaranteed more details from DT to follow in one of the next calls<br/>•The term Appflow might limit further possibilities(UE-UE)flow if the API scope is extended later, but we agree to keep it as is currently  and can change it if needed in future. Standard resource document in commonalities WG can address the vocabalary consistency issue.<br/>• Subactivity to discuss which notificiations are relevant for the QoD API family. Add your insights here:- https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/APIs/QualityOnDemand/Notifications.md <br/>• Alternatives requested for "session" 2 suggestions already provided by E/// . Alternatives can be documented here https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/APIs/QualityOnDemand/Changes.md 
QoD open issue https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/18 | All issues were discussed and clarified. Some action items for DT:- <br/> • Provide details what would differ in future regarding the 2 APIs which drove the decision to split the APIs in two <br/>• What happens when consumer needs combination of both? <br/>• Can the API be extended to provide the consumer with available profile options?



