## Commonalities meeting
#### Date: _12th of January 2022_
## Attendees

-   **José Antonio Ordoñez-Lucena (Telefónica)**
-   **Ruben Barrado Gonzalez (Telefónica)**
-   **Francesc Guim (Intel)**
-   **Petar Torre (Intel)**
-   **Sylvain Morel (Orange)**
-   **Olivier Mathieu (Orange)**
-   **Jan Friman (Ericsson)**
-   **Shilpa Padgaonkar (DT)**

## Agenda

-   Welcome
-   Recap
-   Contributions:
    -   Feedback on the submitted API documentation template
    -   Updates from contributors, status of deliverables
    -   new addition to commonalities scope (Service API exposure)
-   Any other open points.

## Discussion
Agenda Item |  Description
---- |  ----
Last meeting recap |  &nbsp;
 &nbsp;  |Last inputs & deliverables: <br/> -  Template for User Stories (TEF)<br/>-   Template for API documentation (DT)<br/>-   Roundtable on TEF presentation on _the way towards "service APIs"_<br/>-   API exposure GW proposal
Contributions |  &nbsp; 
&nbsp; | Please use  [_**GitHub issues**_](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acommonalities) as a mean to review or verify the status of each deliverable<br/>(**Hint**: filter by using _commonalities_ label to list only workgroup issues)
&nbsp; | Feedback on the submitted [**API documentation template**](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/WorkingGroups/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/API-DocumentationTemplate.md) <br/>Feedback will be given through issues (assigned to TEF and Orange)
&nbsp; |Standard resources assigned to MS, to be confirmed
&nbsp; |Authentication and authorization assigned to DT, in progress (ETA end of January)
&nbsp; |Testing principles to be assigned to DT for a start, then shared group work <br/> Q: <br> - How to gather testing principles, sample API with data:<br/>&nbsp; are we going to perform a deep analysis with end-to-end testing?<br/> - who will be responsible for implementation? <br/>A:<br/>-   We aim to provide test cases or implementation for test specification if possible<br/>-   Members could also just provide/propose test cases without end-to-end implementation<br/>-   Essentially provide guiding principles: what to test, what format of testing. <br/>- Microservices as basis for transformation, but the implementation is up to operators/vendors <br/> - The vendor/operator should be responsible for translating to NEF <br/> - Contributions for simple reference implementations is an open possibility for everyone<br/> - Outcomes & deliverables to be reported by commonalities group:<br/>    &nbsp;&nbsp;  Specification, Documentation & test cases with results
&nbsp; |Service API exposure proposal by TEF is in progress, draft already available on [GitHub in Word format](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/tree/main/WorkingGroups/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables), to be completed for discussion by next meeting. <br/>Q:<br/> - What are we trying to include in the document? Only few CAPIF APIs are implemented so far.<br/>A: <br/>-  CAPIF is used for service APIs, not network APIs. It is not mandatory to use for exposure gateway, but the aim is to provide a reference implementation in Camara. This would be used on top of APIs in order to secure consumers' access and usage/consumption.
 AOB |
&nbsp; | 1.  Issue #29 on specification format → decision to keep as one issue and use one document (general principles); <br/> 2.  Open assignment: Standard resources description;<br/>3.  Next commonalities meeting on January 26, 2022. Agenda proposed: <br/>		&nbsp; -  feedback on templates that have been presented until now<br/>		&nbsp; -  Authentication & Authorization documentation proposal<br/>		&nbsp; -  API exposure documentation proposal
