## Commonalities meeting
#### Date: _17th of December 2021_
### Attendees
-   Sylvain Morel (Orange)
-   Frédéric Dutronc (Orange)
-   Olivier Mathieu (Orange)
-   José Antonio Ordoñez-Lucena (Telefónica)
-   Ruben Barrado Gonzalez (Telefónica)
-   Petar Torre (Intel)
-   Jan Friman (Ericsson)
-   Toshiyasu Wakayama (KDDI)
-   Shilpa Padgaonkar (DT)
-   Marius Sozanski (DT)

### Goals
-   Roundtable: questions from Orange regarding the Telefónica presentation
-   Contributions: 
	- API document template from DT
	- QoD update presentation
	- Exposure Gateway proposal from TEF

### Agenda Proposal / Discussion items


Agenda Item | |  Description
---- | ---- | ----
Introductions | | Orange INNOV/IT-S - group dedicated to API exposure <br/> Telefónica: group supporting Camara and GSMA content
**Roundtable** on Telefónica presentation | 
&nbsp; |&nbsp; | presentation link: https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/WorkingGroups/Commonalities/Guidelines-API-Alliance-TEFinput.pdf 
&nbsp; | slide 4 | Ericsson: I like this slide, but a bullet on security when you expose API externally is needed <br/> Orange: recommend TLS, secure gateway
&nbsp; | slide 5 | In case of CI/CD, Validation and deployment should not be split? <br/>TEF: the validation step is **certification** that the API is prepared according to the contract specification and the external party can correctly consume the API. This step is required for passing to production. <br/> Ericsson: DevOps-like feedback loop from stage 5 (deployment) to 1; <br/> analyze the implementation, loop to examine and monitor the APIs. API business owner taken into account business aspects.<br/> TEF: agree with GSMA on this aspect (how to proceed with the loop) <br/> DT: also keep in mind the business owner aspect during validation <br/>alignment with OPAG group may be beneficial : need to coordinate between GSMA and Camara project. <br/> OPAG group: request update on Camara activities. how to address what should be done? send issues between OPAG and Camara . <br/>Should think the way to address open question between both.
&nbsp; | slide 6 | specify the API before the developer – then API swagger spec– OAS YAML – view via swagger UI (doc generation de code)
&nbsp; | slide 8 | OpenAPIs spec v3 : authentOauth2, OpenId : specify that it is mandatory ? to be checked.<br/>DT: Should we recommend to limit authorization mechanism to OpenID Connect? <br/> Orange: OAuth 2.0 and OpenId, depending of service compatibility support. Perhaps try to limit to the best authentication models. <br/>To be verifed after draft from DT is ready.
&nbsp;| Slide 9 | testing principles, test suite with resource creation and removed at the end, complete validation workflow; testing principles to be documented. Workflow CI/CD <br/>Orange: what are the conditions  of acceptation? Sandbox mode should be refined before an E2E integration test, automated tooling? Sandbox is rarely defined, emulation of network behavior also? <br/>TEF: intention to raise discussion. Validation in at least two telco - get the certificate that it is compliant with Camara. Introduce reproducible testing campaigns. Document how we see the testing phase, procedures and guidelines to keep consistency. <br/>DT: do we also intent to contribute testing scripts /postman? <br/>TEF: we need to agree on that after defining a doc draft
&nbsp;| Slide 11 | Why a centralized portal from TEF? why not a dedicated instance for the TGA project or OPAG? <br/>TEF: it would be an extra dedicated instance with Camara logo on TEF infrastructure. It is based on nodejs libraries. It would be fully separated from Telefónica portal. <br/> Log into the portal to differentiate access profiles between users? Could be defined with email, register, user/passwords for login: need a sign in to the portal; track the user with some user profile. <br/>**To be decided** whether Camara wants to provide it: <br/>→ **We pass this question** to bigger alliance round in January.
&nbsp; |slide 13 |  tool for certification of TMForum API:  Conformance test profile from TMF.  
&nbsp; |slide 14 | this is a TEF Repository so perhaps same specific view could be interesting for OPAG or TGA/Camara projects. <br/> Planning tool: this tool seems interesting, I would like to have a little more information on it. <br/>TEF: it is a.o. a tool for project planning with GANTT, to describe the status of the project to the affiliate for deployment phase. We can present the portal and environment to you in another call.
Contributions | | 
&nbsp; | API doc template | API doc template: document for review in Github:<br/> [https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/WorkingGroups/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/API-DocumentationTemplate.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/WorkingGroups/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/API-DocumentationTemplate.md) <br/> **→ reviewers**: Orange (Sylvain, Frédéric), TEF (José, Ruben), Ericsson (Jan)
&nbsp; | QoD update | Camara QoD workgroup updates' presentation to OPAG this week:<br/>[https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/APIs/QualityOnDemand/documentation/Presentations/Camara_WG_Updates_Dec21.pdf](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/blob/main/APIs/QualityOnDemand/documentation/Presentations/Camara_WG_Updates_Dec21.pdf) 
&nbsp;|Exposure gateway|OPAG: do we want to include CAPIF or another exposure gateway? <br/>Orange: it is a continuation of security topic, important to be addressed. <br/>**Outcome**: we add it as a new deliverable.
Q&A / AOB|&nbsp;|
&nbsp;|&nbsp;|1.  Next commonalities meeting January 12, 2022.<br/>2.  Happy holiday season!
